Hetcom χα meantime
Hello there.
You must be tired of drinks.
It's just the once-a-week edition of Tadaai sake, taking Sake Qu prospective to all.
What are you talking about?
I won't let you drink a glass of sake.
You're just a friend.
But if you want to be called a drunkard, you have to be a little bit lazy.
What? I'm not lazy?
You're not?
Can't you just talk?
I'm not lazy.
You're not going to meet someone you haven't seen in a while, are you?
Die of restraint.
I'll take care of him, just for the time being.
And why couldn't you talk?
Don't pretend.
I'm old, or
I'll get that old cup emergency callFish.
But a man should work hard to be like daymamaFish.
If you win,
you'll have some money and all private property.
But if I don't say that,
and I don't buy anything black,
you'll have to pay me back un academic sum.
That's why you're not a man?
You're one year older,
and a man groups with another and runs off.
You made the other idiot say nakuzo.
Didn't he say form 45 degrees?
I didn't leave that man alone!
Readc relación, he said.
So, I goes, it's from 45 degrees.
And he said魔卒是er1,2,3
but it's from 4, um protocol , you know
completely saudi aciel
But if I started to play,
If you're a child, you'll live differently.
What do you say?
If you're a child, you'll be a good-looking man.
You'll be a good-looking man.
I want to be a good-looking man.
What do you say?
Thank you.
You can drink a lot.
I can drink a lot.
What do you say?
Where are you going?
I'm going to the shop.
Why?
I'm going to take a bath.
I'll be happy.
Hello, Takehan.
Hello.
Come in.
It's a big trouble.
I'm happy that you're happy.
I didn't think you'd do that.
I was afraid you'd do it.